well howdy there internet people is bub
again so we got to talk about Trump's
threat he says that he is considering
releasing detained migrants into
sanctuary cities and by considering we
know that means that he's really just
waiting for approval from President
Miller who is really running the show
now they've stopped considering it do it
do it what are you waiting for I don't
think you've got the guts see if you're
not a bigot you understand that all
you're gonna do is lower the crime rate
statistically migrants create less crime
than native-born Americans so unless you
plan on going through and just picking
out violent migrants which you're saying
sorting I'm taking forever unless you're
gonna do that to intentionally harm
American citizens all you're gonna do is
lower the crime rate do it
bus them in drop them off it's fantastic
I think it's a great idea get them out
of the cages man do it and you know I
know that you're like 4d chess champion
and everything but you do understand
that these cities don't have walls
around them right anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day